refactor!: add methods() to contract abigen (#592)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/contracts/the-setup-contract-test-macro.md

>**Note** The same contract can be deployed several times as the macro deploys the contracts with salt. You can also deploy different contracts to the same provider using a shared wallet.

If you want to deploy contracts to the same provider you have to set the wallet name of the first macro to `wallet` and all the remaining wallet names to `None`. The first macro will create `wallet` and bring it into context and the other macros will use it instead of creating new ones. Let's see it in an example.

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../packages/fuels/tests/harness.rs:contract_setup_macro_multi}}
```

> In this example, three contracts are deploy on the same provider using the `wallet`. The second and third macro use the same contract but they have different IDs because of the deployment with salt. Both of them can call the first contract by using its ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, three contracts are deployed on the same provider using the `wallet`. The second and third macro use the same contract but they have different IDs because of the deployment with salt. Both of them can call the first contract by using its ID.
```

> In this example, three contracts are deploy on the same provider using the `wallet`. The second and third macro use the same contract but they have different IDs because of the deployment with salt. Both of them can call the first contract by using its ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, three contracts are deployed on the same provider using the `wallet`. The second and third macro use the same contract but have different IDs because of the deployment with salt. Both of them can call the first contract by using its ID.
```
